"Hey, how are you?"
Hi! I'm feeling great today.
What did you do today?
I played a baskeball match this morning.
How was it? Did you win?
Yes!! And I scored 40 points.
Wow! You did an amazing match! Did the sport afect your glucose?
"Yes, my sugar level was low after lunch."
Did you inject too much insulin?
"Yes, I didn't take into account the exercise."
"Next time, think about the exercise when you calculate the insulin dose."
Yes I will.
Bye.
Goodbye.
Hello!
"Hi, how is it going?"
"Great, I had a very good blood glucose level today."
"That's nice, keep it up! Having a good glucose level is great."
Thank you! But it may rise this afternoon.
Why is that?
Because I just ate a big sandwich now.
And did you put your insulin?
"Yes, but maybe it was not enough."
Then you should check your glucose in an hour and a half and correct the dose if necessary.
Thanks for your advice.
"No problem, see you later."
Till later.
"Hi, I need your help."
What's the matter?
I forgot to put my insulin after lunch and now I have a high sugar level.
"Don't worry, you can put your insulin now and it will reduce."
How much insulin should I put?
Calculate your insulin dose taking into account when did you eat and your actual sugar level.
"Ok, I will do that."
You should also consider if you did some exercise today.
"No, I was home all day."
"Maybe you should do some exercise, it will also help to reduce your blood sugar level."
"Perfect, I will go to do some running now. See you."
"Have a nice day, bye."
Bye bye.
"Hi, what are you going to do today?"
I'm going to the mountain.
"Be careful if you are going to walk a lot, you may need to decrease your insulin dose."
"Yes, I will decrease my insulin dose and I will also eat some cookies before leaving."
"Well done, but it is possible that you need to check your glucose level during the day."
"Ok, but what should I do if my blood glucose level is low?"
You should always have sugar in your bag in case your blood glucose drops.
Does it have to be sugar?
"No, you could also drink a juice with enough amount of carbohidrates."
"Great, that is all I need to know."
Enjoy your day on the mountain.
"I will, bye!"
See you later.
"Hello, how are you?"
I am feeling stressed lately.
What is making you feel that way?
I have a very important exam today and I cannot fail.
Have you studied for the exam?
I was studying all this week for my exam and I think this affected my blood glucose.
Why do you say that?
"I couldn't control my blood sugar level very good this week, it was always high."
Did you change yor diet or insulin dose?
"No, I kept them the same as usual."
The stress from the exam is probably causing this rise in your glucose level.
Will it improve after I finish my exam?
The glucose level will surely improve after you finish.
I hope so.
"See you, bye."
See you.
How are you feeling today?
"Hey, I am not feeling right."
How come?
I think I got a virus and I have stomachache.
Did this affect your glucose levels?
"Yes, I think so. My glucose is abnormally high since my stomach started hurting."
"This is normal, you should rise your insulin doses until you get better."
"All right, I hope this helps me to have a better glucose control."
"Anyways, it should improve after you heal from the stomachache."
I hope I heal soon.
I hope so too. Bye.
bye.
"Hey, what did you do yesterday?"
I spent the whole day chilling and I went to a fancy restaurant for dinner.
Nice! What did you order?
I had a big steak with french fries and a cheesecake for dessert.
Sounds delicious. Did you have to inject a big dose of insulin?
"Yes, I injected 15 units of fast action insulin. "
"I see, the fries and the cheesecake have a lot of carbohidrates."
"I had a good level of blood glucose two hours after dinner, but this morning I woke up quite high."
What was your blood glucose level this morning?
"245, a bit higher than I would like."
It's difficult to maintain always a good blood glucose level. Are you gonna do something to improve it?
I'm going for a walk in the park now.
"Great, enjoy your walk."
"You enjoy your day too, bye."
Hi!!!
What's up?
I am very excited! I have a date this afternoon.
What are you gonna do?
We are going to do ice skating.
That sounds great!
"Yes, and after skating we will get some pizzas."
"Hmmm I love pizza, but remember pizza has a high amount of carbohidrates."
"I know, but it shouldn't affect my sugar level that much because I will skate this afternoon."
Don't forget to measure your blood sugar level one hour and a half after dinner.
"I will, just in case I have to correct my insulin dose or eat more carbohidrates."
Enjoy your date.
Thanks! I will tell you how it ends.
Goodbye!
See you soon.
Good morning!
"Hey, it's nice to see you here again. How are you?"
I woke up low today.
"Oh, that's sad. Did you eat some sugar to recover?"
"No, I had an orange juice and now I am feeling fine."
That's great. Do you know why this happened?
I think I calculated my dinner insulin dose incorrectly.
You can also try to calculate more precisely the carbohidrate amount in your dinner.
"Yes, I will try to eat more next time. I have to go, I'll talk to you later."
"Have a nice day, goodbye."
See you.
"Hey, I have amazing news to tell you."
You seem very excited. What's the matter?
I am going to get married next Sunday!!!
Congratulations! Are you ready for the day?
"Yes, but I feel very nervous because I still have things to prepare for the wedding."
"I think the wedding is gonna be great, so you shouldn't overthink it."
"Yes, but it is inevitable. I think it is also affecting my glucose levels."
Have you noticed a rise in your glucose levels lately?
Exactly.
Then let's hope everything works out great.
Thank you very much! See you.
"Talk to you later, bye."
Good night.
Hi. 
What are you doing?
"Not much, I am lying in the sofa watching a movie with some popcorn."
That sounds like a great plan to me.
"Well, I wanted to go out with friends for dinner because I stayed the whole day at home."
Let me guess. Your friends were not free today?
You got it right.
And how was your glucose today? A lack of exercise tends to increase the glucose levels.
"Yes, they were a bit high, but I really wanted to have some popcorn."
You should increase your insulin dose if you want to have a good glucose level.
"I am going to put insulin right now, thanks for the advice."
"No problem, I hope you enjoy the movie."
"Thanks, talk to you tomorrow."
Have a good night!
"Hey, how are you doing?"
"Fine, but I could be doing better."
How come? Did something happen?
"Every morning I wake up with my sugar a bit high, even if I went to bed with a good sugar level."
It could be related to the carbohidrate amount in your dinner.
"No, I don't think so. I eat different food and inject my insulin dose accordingly, but after four or five hours my sugar increases."
Did you change your insulin type or your lifestyle?
"I had a leg injury and I've stopped doing sport, and in the past I used to do a lot."
That could be the cause behind your rise in glucose.
"Yes, I suppose so. Should I increase my insulin dose?"
"You probably should increase the dose, but speak with your doctor first."
"Thanks, I will contact my doctor to solve this problem."
"Great, have a nice day."
"You too, bye!"
"Hi, are you awake?"
"Yes, I am. What's the matter?"
I just woke up in the middle of the night and I cannot sleep again.
Did you check your glucose level?
"I didn't think about that, I will check it right now."
"Okay, I will wait here."
"My blood glucose level is 56, so I am a bit low."
You should eat 5g of sugar or a fast acting glucose like a fruit juice.
"Yes, I will eat something now. How did you think about the glucose level?"
When you wake up in the middle of the night and you cannot sleep even though you are tired is because your body is not ok.
Nice to know. Next time I will check my glucose for sure.
"Great, but be careful. You may need to eat something else."
"Yes, I will also eat a banana. Thanks."
You're wellcome. Good night.
Good night.
How was your afternoon? What did you do?
"Oh hi! My afternoon was amazing, I went to a rock concert with my girlfriend."
That is really cool.
"Yes, and we also had some beers during the concert. It was amazing."
That sounds really good.
"Yes, but now my glucose level is a bit high."
Could this be related to the beers?
"I am sure that is the cause. I also danced in the concert, so I didn't put any insulin during the concert."
Seems that the exercise you did while dancing in the concert wasn't enough to lower your glucose level.
"No, so now I have to inject some insulin."
"Be careful. Even if you have high glucose right now, you still did some exercise and it could affect your glucose later."
Well thought!! I will decrease my insulin dose a little bit.
"Okay, but don't forget to check your glucose level one and a half hours after the insulin injection."
"Don't worry, I will."
Great to hear. Have a good night.
"You too, good night."
"Hey, what are you doing right now?"
"Hi, I just finished cooking the lunch for today."
What did you prepare?
I cooked a whole turkey in the oven with some potatoes.
It sounds delicious. I assume you are not gonna eat a whole turkey alone?
Of course not! I am inviting my family for lunch.
"I hope you have a wonderful lunch. Don't forget to inject a correct dose of insulin, potatoes have a lot of carbohidrates."
"Yes, I already thought about that, so I will increase my insulin dose today."
Fantastic. Don't forget to measure your blood glucose level one hour and a half after your lunch.
"I will set an alarm so I don't forget about that. My family is coming, so I have to leave you now."
Enjoy your lunch with your family. Bye.
"Thank you, goodbye."
"Hi, how are you?"
Everything fine. And you?
I'm very tired today.
What did you do?
I worked all day in a storehouse packing material and moving boxes.
"Wow, it seems you had an exhausting day. Could you control your glucose fine?"
"I measured my glucose before lunch and I was quite good, at 85. However, I didn't check it again since then."
"You should check it again now, you did a lot of exercise. What did you eat for lunch?"
"I had a salad and a steak with potatoes, and I injected 5 units of fast action insulin."
"You should check your glucose level again now, maybe you didn't eat enough carbohidrates."
"It seems I didn't, I am at 46 now. What should I eat?"
"Since no fast action insulin is acting now, you should improve only by having 5 g of sugar or 200 cl of juice with sugar."
Ok I will go to eat now. See you later.
"See you, goodbye."
"Hey, how is your day going?"
"Not bad, and yours?"
"I'm also fine, but somehow I don't feel quite well."
"Oh, I'm sorry. Why is that?"
"Because no matter how much water I drink, I still feel thirsty."
That is a common symptom of having a high blood glucose level. Have you checked it?
"No, I didn't check it. I actually drank a beer one hour ago, could this be affecting my glucose?"
"Yes, that beer is definetely the cause for your thirst. However, you should check your glucose."
"Ok, I did check it and I was at 320, quite high. I'm gonna put some fast action insulin to be good again."
"Yes, but measure your insulin dose carefully or you may get down on blood glucose."
I have injected 7 units of insulin. I hope the thirst disappears soon.
I'm sure it will. Think about this the next time you drink a beer.
"Sure I will, thanks for your help."
"You're welcome, you can contact me anytime you feel like this."
"See you later, bye."
Goodbye.
"Hi, how are you feeling today?"
My head is a bit dizzy. I think my glucose is low.
"I think so too, you should eat something to raise your glucose."
I was thinking about eating some cheese.
"Cheese is tasty, but it's not the best thing for you right now. You have to eat a bit of sugar, or a juice."
"Ok, but I really want to eat cheese."
"Then you should eat the cheese with some bread, it will also help to raise your glucose."
I will do that.
"But first you should drink a juice, it will make you feel better."
"Ok, I will drink a juice and eat bread with cheese."
"Right, but be careful with the bread, too much could raise your glucose too much."
I will only have a slice of bread.
"Perfect, enjoy your food."
"Thank you, bye."
"Hey, how are you?"
"I'm fine, and you?"
Also fine. What are you doing?
I have just finished cooking my dinner.
What did you cook for dinner?
I grilled chicken breast and also cooked some rice.
"That sounds good, but do you know that rice has a lot of carbohidrates?"
"Yes I do, so I will inject a higher than usual dose of insulin."
"Great, but don't forget to measure your blood glucose level one hour and a half after your insulin injection."
"I will measure it, because last time I didn't do it and my glucose rose higher than I wanted."
"You have to be careful with some food like potatoes, rice or pasta."
"Yes. I will leave now, my chicken will cool if I wait more."
"Okay, enjoy your dinner. Talk to you tomorrow."
"Ok, goodbye."
"Hello, how are you?"
"I'm great, and you?"
"Quite bad, my blood glucose is really high."
You should inject insulin to reduce your blood glucose.
"I know, but I'm going to a football match now and I don't want to have a low glucose level during the match."
"But if you don't inject insulin it is possible that you have a high glucose for a long time, and you won't feel good."
"Ok, then what should I do?"
You should speak with your doctor to be certain on what to do.
"Yes, I will speak with him and try to improve my blood glucose level."
I hope you win your football match.
I hope so too. See you later.
"Bye, see you soon."
Hello!
"Hey, what's up?"
I'm very nervous. What about you?
I'm fine. Why are you so nervous?
I have a very important exam this afternoon and I cannot fail.
Have you studied for your exam?
"Yes, I have studied but I haven't been able to control my glucose lately. I fear to be low during my exam."
How is your blood glucose level now?
"It is good, 92. But I don't know if it will reduce until my exam."
Maybe you could eat something with low carbohidrate amount to raise a little bit your blood glucose.
"Yes, I want to do that but I don't know what to eat."
"Maybe a small biscuit or some fruit, no more than 5g of carbohidrates."
"Great, I will eat a small banana then."
Enjoy your banana and good luck on your exam.
"Thank you, see you later."
Later.
Hey!!
"Hello, how are you feeling today?"
"Great, and you?"
I feel horrible today. Yesterday I had a big party and today I have hangover.
"If you feel really bad, you could take an ibuprofen. How was your party?"
"It was great, we played some drinking games, ate some pizzas and danced till the morning."
It sounds amazing. Did you check your glucose during the party?
"No, I checked it before going to bed and I was quite high, so I had to inject insulin."
And what was your glucose level when you woke up?
"I was still high, but I should be fine."
Did you inject your slow action insulin?
"I should have, but I don't really remember if I injected during the party."
That could explain why you woke up high. You should speak with your doctor to know what you should do.
"Yes, I will. At least this will make my hangover better."
Definetely. I hope you get better soon.
"Thanks, talk to you later."